travel.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: "hotel & travel"
id: travel
tags: page
---

## Accommodations

We have set aside a block of rooms at The Atherton Hotel for $90/night:

Group Name: Keystone DH<br/>
Group Code: JS5ER5<br/>
**Use this link to make your reservations**: [https://www.choicehotels.com/reservations/groups/JS5ER5](https://www.choicehotels.com/reservations/groups/JS5ER5) <br/>
**This rate is good until June 16th**

The Atherton Hotel, an Ascend Hotel Collection Member<br/>
125 S. Atherton Street<br/>
State College, PA, US, 16801-3896<br/>
1 (814) 231-2100<br/>
[http://www.athertonhotel.net](http://www.athertonhotel.net)

There are other hotels in the area, if you prefer, with The Nittany Lion Inn being the most convenient (on campus and a short walk to conference rooms): [https://nittanylioninn.psu.edu/](https://nittanylioninn.psu.edu/)

Note that there is another hotel on campus, The Penn Stater, which is not walkable to the center of campus or downtown, but is on the campus bus loop and has shuttle service: [https://thepennstaterhotel.psu.edu/](https://thepennstaterhotel.psu.edu)

**Given summer demand during new student orientation, we encourage you to book ahead.**

## Travel

This year’s conference will be held at Penn State University, located in State College, PA. For more information on travel to and from the Penn State University Park campus, please visit [PSU's Visitors and Neighbors page](http://www.psu.edu/visitors-and-neighbors)

<div class="mapouter"><div class="gmap_canvas"><iframe width="500" height="500" id="gmap_canvas" src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m14!1m8!1m3!1d12081.972318223457!2d-77.86555495!3d40.7951573!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x89cea6247f5d0291%3A0xad3e8e9b56e48269!2sPenn+State+University!5e0!3m2!1sen!2sus!4v1516645340172" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" marginheight="0" marginwidth="0"></iframe><a href="http://www.embedgooglemap.net">embedgooglemap.net</a></div><style>.mapouter{overflow:hidden;height:500px;width:500px;}.gmap_canvas {background:none!important;height:500px;width:500px;}</style></div>

Commit message:

Updated with info on location and visitor parking

travel.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: "hotel & travel"
id: travel
tags: page
---

## Accommodations

We have set aside a block of rooms at The Atherton Hotel for $90/night:

Group Name: Keystone DH<br/>
Group Code: JS5ER5<br/>
**Use this link to make your reservations**: [https://www.choicehotels.com/reservations/groups/JS5ER5](https://www.choicehotels.com/reservations/groups/JS5ER5) <br/>
**This rate is good until June 16th**

The Atherton Hotel, an Ascend Hotel Collection Member<br/>
125 S. Atherton Street<br/>
State College, PA, US, 16801-3896<br/>
1 (814) 231-2100<br/>
[http://www.athertonhotel.net](http://www.athertonhotel.net)

There are other hotels in the area, if you prefer, with The Nittany Lion Inn being the most convenient (on campus and a short walk to conference rooms): [https://nittanylioninn.psu.edu/](https://nittanylioninn.psu.edu/)

Note that there is another hotel on campus, The Penn Stater, which is not walkable to the center of campus or downtown, but is on the campus bus loop and has shuttle service: [https://thepennstaterhotel.psu.edu/](https://thepennstaterhotel.psu.edu)

**Given summer demand during new student orientation, we encourage you to book ahead.**

## Travel

This year’s conference will be held at Penn State University, located in State College, PA. For more information on travel to and from the Penn State University Park campus, please visit [PSU's Visitors and Neighbors page](http://www.psu.edu/visitors-and-neighbors)

We will be holding the conference in the Stuckeman Family Building, which is behind the Palmer Museum of Art.

If you need to park on campus, the best visiting parking option is the [Nittany Parking Deck](https://transportation.psu.edu/nittany-parking-deck)

<div class="mapouter"><div class="gmap_canvas"><iframe width="500" height="500" id="gmap_canvas" src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m14!1m8!1m3!1d12081.972318223457!2d-77.86555495!3d40.7951573!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x89cea6247f5d0291%3A0xad3e8e9b56e48269!2sPenn+State+University!5e0!3m2!1sen!2sus!4v1516645340172" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" marginheight="0" marginwidth="0"></iframe><a href="http://www.embedgooglemap.net">embedgooglemap.net</a></div><style>.mapouter{overflow:hidden;height:500px;width:500px;}.gmap_canvas {background:none!important;height:500px;width:500px;}</style></div>
